com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/slideshow/SlideshowKLViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.slideshow.SlideshowKLViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/TransferData.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.TransferData
com/example/vasclientv2/adapter/ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.ScaleTicketPODetailPageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/FcmResponse.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.FcmResponse
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/UpdatePassViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.UpdatePassViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.UpdatePassViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/rejected/RejectedKLFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLFragment$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLFragment$4
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/WarehouseModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.WarehouseModel
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/rejected/RejectedKLViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.rejected.RejectedKLViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/Err.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.Err
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/CheckingScrapDTO.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.CheckingScrapDTO
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/klchoduyet/PhieuCanChoDuyetViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/message/DataMessage.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.message.DataMessage
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/adminsetting/AdminSettingActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity$SettingsFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity$SettingsFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity$SettingsFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.adminsetting.AdminSettingActivity$SettingsFragment$3
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/slideshow/SlideshowKLFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.slideshow.SlideshowKLFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.slideshow.SlideshowKLFragment$1
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/VehicleModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.VehicleModel
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/AddInfoKLViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/phieucanchuakl/PhieuCanChuaKLFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieucanchuakl.PhieuCanChuaKLFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieucanchuakl.PhieuCanChuaKLFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieucanchuakl.PhieuCanChuaKLFragment$2
com/example/vasclientv2/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/VehicleOwnerModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.VehicleOwnerModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/TagInfoModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.TagInfoModel
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/phieucanchuakl/PhieuCanChuaKLViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieucanchuakl.PhieuCanChuaKLViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/BargeModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.BargeModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/ListResponeMessage.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.ListResponeMessage
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/ScaleTicketPODetailModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.ScaleTicketPODetailModel
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/TempProductForTicket.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.TempProductForTicket
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/SaveVehicleActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.SaveVehicleActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.SaveVehicleActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.SaveVehicleActivity$2
com/example/vasclientv2/MyApplication.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.MyApplication
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/createuser/CreateUserActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.createuser.CreateUserActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.createuser.CreateUserActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.createuser.CreateUserActivity$2
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/ScaleTicketModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.ScaleTicketModel
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/WareHouse.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.WareHouse
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.WareHouse$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.WareHouse$2
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.LoginRepository
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/GateModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.GateModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/SaveVehicleViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.SaveVehicleViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.SaveVehicleViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/RFIDModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.RFIDModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/ProviderModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.ProviderModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/UserModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.UserModel
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/phieudakl/PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetFragment$4
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/SaveVehicle.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.SaveVehicle
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/AcctionMessage.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.AcctionMessage
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/phieudakl/PhieuKlDaDuyetViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.phieudakl.PhieuKlDaDuyetViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.LoginDataSource
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.LoginDataSource$1
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/AddInfoKLActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$10
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$11
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$12
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$13
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$14
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$15
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$16
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$17
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$18
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$19
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$20
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$21
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$22
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$23
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$6
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$7
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$8
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.AddInfoKLActivity$9
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/newvehicle/AddNewVehicleActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.newvehicle.AddNewVehicleActivity
com/example/vasclientv2/apiInterface/ApiInterface.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.apiInterface.ApiInterface
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/WeightScaleModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.WeightScaleModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclelosttag/VehicleLostTagFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagFragment$3
com/example/vasclientv2/userconfig/ChangePasswordActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordActivity$4
com/example/vasclientv2/data/Result.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.Result
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.Result$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.Result$Error
 com.example.vasclientv2.data.Result$Success
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehicleout/VehicleOutViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehicleout.VehicleOutViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/adapter/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.HistoryAdapter
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.HistoryAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.HistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/KLItemModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.KLItemModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/VehicleInViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInViewModel$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInViewModel$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInViewModel$3
com/example/vasclientv2/adapter/CheckingScrapAdapter.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.CheckingScrapAdapter
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.CheckingScrapAdapter$CheckingScrapViewHolder
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.CheckingScrapAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/DestroyPhieuKLActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.DestroyPhieuKLActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.DestroyPhieuKLActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.DestroyPhieuKLActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.DestroyPhieuKLActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.DestroyPhieuKLActivity$4
com/example/vasclientv2/userconfig/ChangePasswordViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePasswordViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclewait/VehicleWaitFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitFragment$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitFragment$4
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/resetpass/ResetPassUserActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserActivity$4
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/TempTable.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.TempTable
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/resetpass/ResetPassUserViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserViewModel$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.ResetPassUserViewModel$2
com/example/vasclientv2/userconfig/ChangePassFormState.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.userconfig.ChangePassFormState
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/ScanBsxViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/AddCheckingScrapActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$4$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.AddCheckingScrapActivity$5
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/KLCheckingScrap.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.KLCheckingScrap
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehicleout/VehicleOutFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehicleout.VehicleOutFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehicleout.VehicleOutFragment$1
com/example/vasclientv2/adapter/RejectedScaleTicketAdapter.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.RejectedScaleTicketAdapter
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.RejectedScaleTicketAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.vasclientv2.adapter.RejectedScaleTicketAdapter$RejectedScaleTickitViewHolder
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/UpdatePassFormState.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.UpdatePassFormState
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/KiemLieuViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.KiemLieuViewModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/VehicleInFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$6
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.VehicleInFragment$7
com/example/vasclientv2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.BuildConfig
com/example/vasclientv2/model/common/SingleResponeMessage.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.common.SingleResponeMessage
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/ProductModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.ProductModel
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginResult
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/resetpass/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.UserAdapter
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.UserAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.resetpass.UserAdapter$UserViewHolder
com/example/vasclientv2/apiInterface/ApiService.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.apiInterface.ApiService
com/example/vasclientv2/message/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.message.MyFirebaseMessagingService
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclewait/VehicleWaitViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclewait.VehicleWaitViewModel$1
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/CheckingScrapModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.CheckingScrapModel
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclein/ScanBsxActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxActivity$2$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclein.ScanBsxActivity$3
com/example/vasclientv2/message/MesageModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.message.MesageModel
com/example/vasclientv2/model/entities/HistoryModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.model.entities.HistoryModel
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/klchoduyet/PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.klchoduyet.PhieuCanChoDuyetFragment$4
com/example/vasclientv2/message/NotificationSender.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.message.NotificationSender
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$6
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuConfirmActivity$7
com/example/vasclientv2/setting/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.setting.SettingsActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.setting.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.setting.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.setting.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$1
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/kiemlieu/KiemLieuFragment.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.KiemLieuFragment
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.KiemLieuFragment$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.KiemLieuFragment$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.kiemlieu.KiemLieuFragment$3
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/vehiclelosttag/VehicleLostTagViewModel.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagViewModel
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagViewModel$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagViewModel$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.vehiclelosttag.VehicleLostTagViewModel$3
com/example/vasclientv2/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$10
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$11
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$12
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$13
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$6
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$7
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$8
 com.example.vasclientv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$9
com/example/vasclientv2/splash/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.splash.SplashScreenActivity
com/example/vasclientv2/truongkiemlieu/TruongKiemLieuActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.truongkiemlieu.TruongKiemLieuActivity
com/example/vasclientv2/baove/BaoVeActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$4
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$5
 com.example.vasclientv2.baove.BaoVeActivity$6
com/example/vasclientv2/kiemlieu/KiemLieuActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.KiemLieuActivity
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.KiemLieuActivity$1
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.KiemLieuActivity$2
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.KiemLieuActivity$3
 com.example.vasclientv2.kiemlieu.KiemLieuActivity$4
com/example/vasclientv2/admin/AdminActivity.java
 com.example.vasclientv2.admin.AdminActivity
